README.md, before:

# Every Marketplace

The official Every marketplace where engineers from Every.to share their workflows. Currently featuring the Compounding Engineering Philosophy plugin.

## Quick start

Run Claude and add the marketplace:

```
/plugin marketplace add https://github.com/EveryInc/every-marketplace
```

Then install the plugin:

```
/plugin install compounding-engineering
```

## Available plugins

### Compounding engineering

AI-powered development tools that get smarter with every use. Includes specialized agents, commands, and five workflows.

**Features:**

- Code review with multiple expert perspectives
- Automated testing and bug reproduction
- PR management and parallel comment resolution
- Documentation generation and maintenance
- Security, performance, and architecture analysis

**Philosophy:**

Each unit of engineering work makes subsequent units of work easier—not harder.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Plan<br/>Plan it out<br/>in detail] --> B[Delegate<br/>Do the work]
    B --> C[Assess<br/>Make sure<br/>it works]
    C --> D[Codify<br/>Record<br/>learnings]
    D --> A

    style A fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style B fill:#bbf,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style C fill:#bfb,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style D fill:#ffb,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
```

1. **Plan** → Break down tasks with clear steps
2. **Delegate** → Execute with AI assistance
3. **Assess** → Test thoroughly and verify quality
4. **Codify** → Record learnings for next time

[Read more](https://every.to/source-code/my-ai-had-already-fixed-the-code-before-i-saw-it)

Commit message:

docs: add one-command installation option via Claude Plugins CLI
Adds alternative installation method that combines marketplace addition and plugin installation into a single npx command for improved UX.

README.md, after:

# Every Marketplace

The official Every marketplace where engineers from Every.to share their workflows. Currently featuring the Compounding Engineering Philosophy plugin.

## Quick start

### Standard Installation
Run Claude and add the marketplace:

```
/plugin marketplace add https://github.com/EveryInc/every-marketplace
```

Then install the plugin:

```
/plugin install compounding-engineering
```
### One-Command Installation
Use the [Claude Plugins CLI](https://claude-plugins.dev) to skip the marketplace setup:
```bash
npx claude-plugins install @EveryInc/every-marketplace/compounding-engineering
```

This automatically adds the marketplace and installs the plugin in a single step.

## Available plugins

### Compounding engineering

AI-powered development tools that get smarter with every use. Includes specialized agents, commands, and five workflows.

**Features:**

- Code review with multiple expert perspectives
- Automated testing and bug reproduction
- PR management and parallel comment resolution
- Documentation generation and maintenance
- Security, performance, and architecture analysis

**Philosophy:**

Each unit of engineering work makes subsequent units of work easier—not harder.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[Plan<br/>Plan it out<br/>in detail] --> B[Delegate<br/>Do the work]
    B --> C[Assess<br/>Make sure<br/>it works]
    C --> D[Codify<br/>Record<br/>learnings]
    D --> A

    style A fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style B fill:#bbf,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style C fill:#bfb,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style D fill:#ffb,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
```

1. **Plan** → Break down tasks with clear steps
2. **Delegate** → Execute with AI assistance
3. **Assess** → Test thoroughly and verify quality
4. **Codify** → Record learnings for next time

[Read more](https://every.to/source-code/my-ai-had-already-fixed-the-code-before-i-saw-it)
